## What is smart clone?
It's a small git utility that i use to quickly assign a git repository to a git profile

## Why?
I have and use multiple profiles for git : at least one for work (with work email) and one for personal contributions (personal email). 
Using a global configuration led to commits pushed with the wrong profile. 
Manually set the name and email for each single repository that i clone is time consuming.
Instead i use smart clone, which does it for me each time i clone

## Store your profiles
Just add and change as many profiles you want to use with git in the ``config.json`` file

```
{
    "profiles": [
        {
            "id": "work",
            "name": "Your name here",
            "email": "workChangeMe@email.com"
        },
        {
            "id": "personal",
            "name": "Your name here",
            "email": "personalChangeMe@gmail.com"
        }
    ]
}
```


## Add git alias

Replace LOCATION-OF-SMART-CLONE variable with the  directory of the smart-clone repo and then execute

```
git config --global alias.cl '!ruby <LOCATION-OF-SMART-CLONE>/smart-clone'
```

## Usage

To use the alias, just type

```
git cl <repo_to_clone>
```

## Contributing
1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

## Author
[Damiano Braga](https://github.com/dbraga)


##License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Damiano Braga

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.